Welcome back.
In this lesson we're gonna do a quick improvement on the game.
So currently we have a game where we have an element that shows up somewhere randomly within our container.
We track how long it takes the user to click that element.
So what if we want to make an improvement to this where we don't want the game to stop and start and
always have that start button.
That's all we're going to do in this lesson we're going to set up some intervals and have some timers
that we need to clear out.
And so that we can continuously keep playing the game.
So we've got our event listener where we're adding in the Start button.
So what we want to do here is we want to relaunch make items so this will make another item after we
clicked it.
We can get rid of the start game button to simply hide that one and we've got our score area so that
one will still show up and instead of having a Start button we're just going to launch another element
to try that out.
So we've got our elements.
We've got another element another element another element to it if we want to make it even more interesting
where we want to have a timer so that setting up another object here called timer we're going to set
the timeout.
And just as we've been before we need some values here some parameters within the timeout it's going
to run this block a code after the timeout completes.
So right now we'll set it up for one second.
And basically what will happen is we're going to show the element for one second and then we're going
to get rid of it off of the page.
So taking the container and we're removing the child with the attributes with the element that matches
the div.
And we've still got that div object and then we're going to create a brand new one.
It's just gonna be a little bit of a problem with this because what's going to happen is that if we
click it then we're gonna throw an error and if we don't click it then everything's fine.
We're going to have a new square showing up every second.
And so he's going to be moving around.
So what we need to do is we need to update our code where we need to clear that interval.
And that's why I give the interval a variable name so that we can access that interval and we can do
a clear timeout or clear interval.
And in this case it's a timeout.
So we need to clear this one out before remove the child and this will give us the ability to click
it not have it interfere with our gameplay so you can see that we're clicking it and we're updating
the score and it actually doesn't matter so if we click it if we miss it.
So sometimes we're clicking at sometimes we're missing it and so on.
So this is more effective way to create the gameplay.
So go in and add in these changes and updates and you're free to update and tweak the game as necessary
in order to produce the gameplay that you're looking for.
And coming up next we'll do a quick overview and a review of the code that we've worked on in order
to build this application.